NMS-14109: Rebase Grafana box renders raw JS when Grafana behind reverse proxy with SSO (#4654)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/admin/webui/grafana-dashboard-box.adoc

| Maximum number of entries to be displayed (0 for unlimited)
| Integer
| 0

| org.opennms.grafanaBox.link.protocol
| The protocol used to build each dashboard link URL.
| String
| org.opennms.grafanaBox.protocol

| org.opennms.grafanaBox.link.hostname
| Hostname used to build each dashboard link URL.
| String
| org.opennms.grafanaBox.hostname

| org.opennms.grafanaBox.link.port
| The port used to build each dashboard link URL.
| Integer
| org.opennms.grafanaBox.port

| org.opennms.grafanaBox.link.basePath
| The Grafana base path used to build each dashboard link URL.
| String
| org.opennms.grafanaBox.basePath
|===

> TIP: If you have Grafana behind a reverse proxy, you may need to specify a different set of values for the sets of properties with link in their names versus the ones without link.
> The properties with link in their names, if set, are used to build the links that are shown to users; the other properties are used to construct the URLs used for internal interaction with the Grafana REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you have Grafana behind a reverse proxy, you may need to specify the `org.opennms.grafanaBox.link.*` properties.
The "link" properties, if set, are used to build the links that are shown to users, independent of the other properties which are used for internal interaction with the Grafana REST API.
```

> The process to generate a Grafana API Key can be found in the https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/http_api/[HTTP API documentation].

Reviewer: I would suggest moving this line between lines 46 and 47 so that it can be part of the cell talking about the `aiKey` property instead of as a footnote.  Also, if you wouldn't mind making the descriptions for all the property descriptions in the table full sentences (add periods at the end), that would be appreciated.
```suggestion
```

> Copy the API Key to `opennms.properties` as `org.opennms.grafanaBox.apiKey`.

Reviewer: This is redundant info.
```suggestion
```
